# Project Alivio Demos
This repository contains the latest demos of Project Alivio's work on our software application. We are a group of students from the University of Michigan's global health engineering organization MHEAL. Our members are engineering students of all different majors and backgrounds seeking to improve the quality of patient care in the San Juan de Dios Hospital located in Guatemala. Specifically, we are focusing on the incidence of pressure ulcers in the hospital, which is of high concern due to the issue of understaffing, particularly with nurses who need to physically turn patients. Currently, our team is developing a sustainable, low-cost patient turning device to help make the patient turning process easier and more efficient for nurses, as well as a software application for these nurses to be able visualize which patients in their units are of highest priority to be turned in order to streamline their workflow better. You can read more about the background of our project in depth at our team website, http://mheal.engin.umich.edu/projectalivio. 
# Project Alivio's Software Application
In regards to Alivio's software side, we are currently building up our app with as many useful features as possible based on continous feedback from our community partners SAIMER, a group of doctors and medical students at the hospital in Guatemala. We plan on exploring the long-term implementation of our app in the summer of 2023, when we travel to hospital itself. In order to facilitate a smooth implementation into the hospital, our goal is to keep the overall user experience as simple as possible, while still being visually rich with important information and prioritizing app security in the back end. Ultimately, our app should be complementary to the current hospital workflow, and not disruptive with too many overcomplicated features. Our app is built using Python (Flask), Javascript (React), PostgreSQL, and AWS.
# Current Demo
Part of our demo at MHEAL's Winter 2022 external design review, presented in front a panel of external judges (UofM professors and industry mentors): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4lnu8h-7W4
